[DOC] Adding sections to paper (#87)
mne-tools/mne-icalabel: doc/index.rst

mne-icalabel is a Python package for labeling independent components that stem
from an `Independent Component Analysis (ICA) <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent_component_analysis>`_.

Scalp electroencephalography (EEG) and magnetoencephalography (MEG) analysis is typically very noisy

> and contains various non-neural signals, such as heart beat artifacts. Independent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and contains various non-neural signals, such as heartbeat artifacts. Independent
```
